idx|companyCode|1
idx|customer|2
idx|documentNumber|3
idx|documentType|4
idx|paymentDateTime|5
idx|clearingDocument|6
idx|amountDocCurr|7
idx|documentCurrency|8
idx|dffExchangeRate|9
idx|assignment|10
idx|formaPago|11
idx|noParcialidad|12
idx|importeSaldoAnterior|13
idx|importePago|14
idx|importeSaldoInsoluto|15
idx|tipoRelacion|16
idx|pagoCanceladoDocNumber|17
idx|numOperacion|18
idx|rfcBancoOrdenente|19
idx|nombreBancoOrdenante|20
idx|cuentaOrdenante|21
idx|rfcBancoBeneficiario|22
idx|cuentaBeneficiario|23
idx|tipoCadenaPago|24
idx|certificadoPago|25
idx|cadenaPago|26
idx|selloPago|27
idx|taxCode|28
idx|retencionesIVA|29
idx|trasladosBaseIVA16|30
idx|trasladosImpuestoIVA16|31
idx|trasladosBaseIVA8|32
idx|trasladosImpuestoIVA8|33
idx|trasladosBaseIVA0|34
idx|trasladosImpuestoIVA0|35
idx|montoTotalPagos|36
idx|objetoImpuesto|37
idx|taxTrasladoBase|38
idx|taxTrasladoImpuesto|39
idx|taxTrasladoTipoFactor|40
idx|taxTrasladoTasaOCuota|41
idx|taxTrasladoImporte|42
idx|taxRetncionBase|43
idx|taxRetncionImpuesto|44
idx|taxRetncionTipoFactor|45
idx|taxRetncionTasaOCuota|46
idx|taxRetncionImporte|47
idx|difMontoTotalPagos1|48
idx|difImportePago1|49
idx|trasladoBaseDR|50
idx|trasladoImpuestoDR|51
idx|trasladoTipoFactorDR|52
idx|trasladoTasaOCuotaDR|53
idx|trasladoImporteDR|54
idx|retncionBaseDR|55
idx|retncionImpuestoDR|56
idx|retncionTipoFactorDR|57
idx|retncionTasaOCuotaDR|58
idx|retncionImporteDR|59
idx|trasladoBasePIVA16|60
idx|trasladoImpuestoPIVA16|61
idx|trasladoTipoFactorPIVA16|62
idx|trasladoTasaOCuotaPIVA16|63
idx|trasladoImportePIVA16|64
idx|retncionBasePIVA16|65
idx|retncionImpuestoPIVA16|66
idx|retncionTipoFactorPIVA16|67
idx|retncionTasaOCuotaPIVA16|68
idx|retncionImportePIVA16|69
idx|trasladoBasePIVA8|70
idx|trasladoImpuestoPIVA8|71
idx|trasladoTipoFactorPIVA8|72
idx|trasladoTasaOCuotaPIVA8|73
idx|trasladoImportePIVA8|74
idx|retncionBasePIVA8|75
idx|retncionImpuestoPIVA8|76
idx|retncionTipoFactorPIVA8|77
idx|retncionTasaOCuotaPIVA8|78
idx|retncionImportePIVA8|79
idx|trasladoBasePIVA0|80
idx|trasladoImpuestoPIVA0|81
idx|trasladoTipoFactorPIVA0|82
idx|trasladoTasaOCuotaPIVA0|83
idx|trasladoImportePIVA0|84
idx|retncionBasePIVA0|85
idx|retncionImpuestoPIVA0|86
idx|retncionTipoFactorPIVA0|87
idx|retncionTasaOCuotaPIVA0|88
idx|retncionImportePIVA0|89
idx|difMontoTotalPagos3|90
idx|difImportePago3|91
tit|1|Company Code
tit|2|Customer
tit|3|Document Number
tit|4|Document Type
tit|5|Payment Date - Time
tit|6|Clearing Document
tit|7|Amount in Doc. Curr
tit|8|Document Currency
tit|9|Eff.exchange rate
tit|10|Assignment
tit|11|Forma de Pago
tit|12|No. de Parcialidad
tit|13|Importe Saldo Anterior
tit|14|Importe Pago
tit|15|Importe Saldo Insoluto
tit|16|Tipo Relacion (04)
tit|17|Pago Cancelado (Doc Number)
tit|18|Num Operacion
tit|19|RFC Banco Ordenente
tit|20|Nombre Banco Ordenante
tit|21|Cuenta Ordenante
tit|22|RFC Banco Beneficiario
tit|23|Cuenta Beneficiario
tit|24|Tipo Cadena Pago (01)
tit|25|Certificado Pago
tit|26|Cadena Pago
tit|27|Sello Pago
tit|28|Tax Code
tit|29|Retenciones IVA
tit|30|Traslados Base IVA16
tit|31|Traslados Impuesto IVA16
tit|32|Traslados Base IVA8
tit|33|Traslados Impuesto IVA8
tit|34|Traslados Base IVA0
tit|35|Traslados Impuesto IVA0
tit|36|Monto Total Pagos
tit|37|Objeto Impuesto
tit|38|Tax Traslado Base
tit|39|Tax Traslado Impuesto
tit|40|Tax Traslado TipoFactor
tit|41|Tax Traslado TasaOCuota
tit|42|Tax Traslado Importe
tit|43|Tax Retencion Base
tit|44|Tax Retencion Impuesto
tit|45|Tax Retencion TipoFactor
tit|46|Tax Retencion TasaOCuota
tit|47|Tax Retencion Importe
tit|48|Diff Monto Total Pagos
tit|49|Diff Importe Pago1
tit|50|DR Traslado Base
tit|51|DR Traslado Impuesto
tit|52|DR Traslado TipoFactor
tit|53|DR Traslado TasaOCuota
tit|54|DR Traslado Importe
tit|55|DR Retencion Base
tit|56|DR Retencion Impuesto
tit|57|DR Retencion TipoFactor
tit|58|DR Retencion TasaOCuota
tit|59|DR Retencion Importe
tit|60|P Traslado Base IVA16
tit|61|P Traslado Impuesto IVA16
tit|62|P Traslado TipoFactor IVA16
tit|63|P Traslado TasaOCuota IVA16
tit|64|P Traslado Importe IVA16
tit|65|P Retencion Base IVA16
tit|66|P Retencion Impuesto IVA16
tit|67|P Retencion TipoFactor IVA16
tit|68|P Retencion TasaOCuota IVA16
tit|69|P Retencion Importe IVA16
tit|70|P Traslado Base IVA8
tit|71|P Traslado Impuesto IVA8
tit|72|P Traslado TipoFactor IVA8
tit|73|P Traslado TasaOCuota IVA8
tit|74|P Traslado Importe IVA8
tit|75|P Retencion Base IVA8
tit|76|P Retencion Impuesto IVA8
tit|77|P Retencion TipoFactor IVA8
tit|78|P Retencion TasaOCuota IVA8
tit|79|P Retencion Importe IVA8
tit|80|P Traslado Base IVA0
tit|81|P Traslado Impuesto IVA0
tit|82|P Traslado TipoFactor IVA0
tit|83|P Traslado TasaOCuota IVA0
tit|84|P Traslado Importe IVA0
tit|85|P Retencion Base IVA0
tit|86|P Retencion Impuesto IVA0
tit|87|P Retencion TipoFactor IVA0
tit|88|P Retencion TasaOCuota IVA0
tit|89|P Retencion Importe IVA0
tit|90|Diff Monto Total Pagos
tit|91|Diff Importe Pago3
col|1|A
col|2|B
col|3|C
col|4|D
col|5|E
col|6|F
col|7|G
col|8|H
col|9|I
col|10|J
col|11|K
col|12|L
col|13|M
col|14|N
col|15|O
col|16|P
col|17|Q
col|18|R
col|19|S
col|20|T
col|21|U
col|22|V
col|23|W
col|24|X
col|25|Y
col|26|Z
col|27|AA
col|28|AB
col|29|AC
col|30|AD
col|31|AE
col|32|AF
col|33|AG
col|34|AH
col|35|AI
col|36|AJ
col|37|AK
col|38|AL
col|39|AM
col|40|AN
col|41|AO
col|42|AP
col|43|AQ
col|44|AR
col|45|AS
col|46|AT
col|47|AU
col|48|AV
col|49|AW
col|50|AL
col|51|AM
col|52|AN
col|53|AO
col|54|AP
col|55|AQ
col|56|AR
col|57|AS
col|58|AT
col|59|AU
col|60|AV
col|61|AW
col|62|AX
col|63|AY
col|64|AZ
col|65|BA
col|66|BB
col|67|BC
col|68|BD
col|69|BE
col|70|BF
col|71|BG
col|72|BH
col|73|BI
col|74|BJ
col|75|BK
col|76|BL
col|77|BM
col|78|BN
col|79|BO
col|80|BP
col|81|BQ
col|82|BR
col|83|BS
col|84|BT
col|85|BU
col|86|BV
col|87|BW
col|88|BX
col|89|BY
col|90|BZ
col|91|CA
